Even my mother can't control you anymore
When is it your turn to call the shots in this house?
Nan Nan's mother finally pulled you so big
Can mom hurt you?
You are 28
Do you know how your relatives and friends laugh at you?
They say you can't get married
Mom, I'm already married.
What is married or not?
I already told you
I don't agree with that.
Are you afraid that others won't know that you are a second marriage?
Don't think I don't know
That boy is one of your employees
Can he compare to Xiaofu?
He's a rich man
Mom ok
It's not up for negotiation.
Just kiss dad once
Mom mom
Mom, what are you doing? Let me out
Mom, it's for your own good too
As long as you stay with rich young man, mother will definitely let you out
Mom, what are you doing? Let me out
Mom
What are you doing here?
Nan Nan
I really like you.
Give me another chance, okay?
Let go of me no